0x00. AirBnB clone - The console (Group project Python)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Background Context: The first part is to create a command interpreter to manage AirBnB objects. Command interpreter needs to be written that creates a parent class for initialization and serialization. Classes for User, State, City, Place should inherit from the parent class, with a file storage engine created as the first storage option. Interpreter is able to create, retrieve, update, and delete objects while also performing operations on them. Unittests is conducted to validate all classes and storage engines.

Learning Objectives: How to create a Python package, How to create a command interpreter in Python using the cmd module, What is Unit testing and how to implement it in a large project, How to serialize and deserialize a Class, How to write and read a JSON file, How to manage datetime, What is an UUID, What is *args and how to use it, What is **kwargs and how to use it, How to handle named arguments in a function Requirements

Python Scripts: Allowed editors are vi, vim, and emacs, and all files were compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS using python3 version 3.8.5. All files end with a new line and the first line of all files is exactly #!/usr/bin/python3. A README.md file is  in the project's root folder. For unit testing, unittest module was used, and all test files are python files inside a folder named tests. Test files and folders should start with test_ and be organized the same as the project. Tests are executed using the command "python3 -m unittest discover tests" and individual files are tested using "python3 -m unittest tests/test_models/test_base_model.py" 

Tasks
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
0. README, AUTHORS: Description of the project, description of the command interpreter: how to start it, how to use it. Have an AUTHORS file at the root of your repository, listing all individuals having contributed content to the repository. GitHub Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone, File: README.md, AUTHORS 
1. Be pycodestyle compliant!: A beautiful code that passes the pycodestyle checks. Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone 
2. Unittests: All files, classes, functions are tested with unit tests Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone File: tests/ 
3. BaseModel: models/base_model.py, a dictionary representation with “simple object type” of our BaseModel was created Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone File: models/base_model.py, models/init.py, tests/ 
4. Create BaseModel from dictionary: Re-create an instance with this dictionary representation. <class 'BaseModel'> -> to_dict() -> <class 'dict'> -> <class 'BaseModel'> Update models/base_model.py: init(self, *args, **kwargs): Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone File: models/base_model.py, tests/ 
5. Store first object: Recreated a BaseModel from another one by using a dictionary representation: <class 'BaseModel'> -> to_dict() -> <class 'dict'> -> <class 'BaseModel' GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone File: models/engine/file_storage.py, models/engine/init.py, models/init.py, models/base_model.py, tests/ 
6. Console 0.0.1:write a program called console.py that contains the entry point of the command interpreter: Use the module cmd, class definition must be: class HBNBCommand(cmd.Cmd): command interpreter should implement: quit and EOF to exit the program, a custom prompt: (hbnb), an empty line + ENTER shouldn’t execute anything, code should not be executed when imported. Warning: end your file with: if name == 'main': HBNBCommand().cmdloop() Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone, File: console.py 
7. Console 0.1: Update your command interpreter (console.py) to have these commands: create: Creates a new instance of BaseModel, saves it (to the JSON file) and prints the id. Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone File: console.py 
8. First User: Write a class User that inherits from BaseModel: models/user.py, Update FileStorage to manage correctly serialization and deserialization of User. Update your command interpreter (console.py) to allow show, create, destroy, update and all used with User. No unittests needed for the console Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone, File: models/user.py, models/engine/file_storage.py, console.py, tests/ 
9. More classes!: Write all those classes that inherit from BaseModel: State (models/state.pyRepo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone, File: models/state.py, models/city.py, models/amenity.py, models/place.py, models/review.py, tests/ 
10. Console 1.0: Update FileStorage to manage correctly serialization and deserialization of all our new classes: Place, State, City, Amenity and Review, Update your command interpreter (console.py) to allow those actions: show, create, destroy, update and all with all classes created previously. No unittests needed for the console Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone, File: console.py, models/engine/file_storage.py, tests/ 
11. All instances by class name: Update your command interpreter (console.py) to retrieve all instances of a class by using: .all(). No unittests needed Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone, File: console.py 
12. Count instances: Update your command interpreter (console.py) to retrieve the number of instances of a class: .count(). No unittests needed Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone File: console.py
13. Show: Update your command interpreter (console.py) to retrieve an instance based on its ID: .show(). Errors management must be the same as previously. No unittests needed Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone File: console.py
14. Destroy: Update your command interpreter (console.py) to destroy an instance based on his ID: .destroy(). Errors management must be the same as previously. No unittests needed Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone, File: console.py 
15. Update: Update your command interpreter (console.py) to update an instance based on his ID: .update(, , ). Errors management must be the same as previously. No unittests needed Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone File: console.py 
16. Update from dictionary: Update your command interpreter (console.py) to update an instance based on his ID with a dictionary: .update(, ). Errors management must be the same as previously. No unittests needed Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone File: console.py 
17. Unittests for the Console! Write all unittests for console.py, all features! For testing the console, you should “intercept” STDOUT of it, we highly recommend you to use with patch('sys.stdout', new=StringIO()) as f: HBNBCommand().onecmd("help show") Otherwise, re-write the console by replacing precmd by default. Repo: GitHub repository: AirBnB_clone File: tests/test_console.py

